it's time now for our beloved holiday
tradition hey Jimmy Kimmel I told my
kids I ate all their Halloween candy
candy because it was good I'm gonna
Jimmy Kimmel said I should be longer
candy okay
okay I'm gonna eat it all do make it
mostly shoot this too okay
[Applause]
every single bite yeah you must have a
bellyache
I'm hungry last night
daddy and I ate all of your candy those
aren't real drawers buddy we ate all the
candy you don't you're QT yeah I was
just joking
okay excuse me
[Music]
whole entire bag yeah okay that's fine
like there's none left it's kids I got
something to tell you mommy and daddy
ate all your Halloween candy
[Applause]
oh yeah
if you dig that too much candy and you
want to do something other than bring it
to office you can donate it to the
troops you go to Operation Gratitude
calm they'll take your candy candy from
your kids and send it to our men and
women overseas you have until November
15th to send it thanks to all the
parents who participated and apologies
to the children who participated as well
thank you for all the great videos